Final fixes (#46)
MDAnalysis/scipy_proceedings: papers/ian_kenney/ian_kenney.rst

Two major factors contribute to the lack of open-source FAIR compliant code. Firstly, code is typically written by scientists with no formal training or support in programming, for whom implementing FAIR principles can pose an intimidating and tedious barrier. Secondly, despite the substantial investment of effort and time required to implement best practices, publishing FAIR software is not typically appreciated with academic recognition or reward. Fostering a culture of open-source FAIR software requires addressing both.

> .. [#] Based on a search for repositories containing ``import MDAnalysis``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. [#] This figure is based on searching GitHub for repositories containing ``import MDAnalysis``.
```

This might be a bit clearer?

Scientific code frequently fails to meet FAIR tenets, impeding scientific progress
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Despite the importance of software, it is typically not central to the publication peer review process in many scientific fields. Consequently, scientific code frequently fails to meet the basic tenets of FAIR: findability, accessibility, interoperability, and reusability :cite:`chue_hong_fair_2022,wilkinson_fair_2016`. 

> With the publication of “The FAIR Guiding Principles for scientific data management and stewardship” in 2016 and the follow-up "FAIR Principles for Research Software (FAIR4RS Principles)" in 2022, it has become increasingly acknowledged that abiding by the principles of FAIR is crucial to promoting robust, reproducible, and efficient scientific discovery and innovation  :cite:`chue_hong_fair_2022,wilkinson_fair_2016`. We believe that extending FAIR principles to include open-source software not only significantly advances that goal, but furthermore is necessary for transparent research. Open sharing of code brings a number of substantial benefits to the scientific community. For example, scientists can accurately replicate a given methodology or re-use previous code, reducing duplication of effort and reducing the risk of implementation errors. Indeed, the molecular simulation community in particular has made a concerted effort over recent years to encourage the open sharing of scientific codes :cite:`walters_code_2020`. For example, as of July 2022, over 4700 GitHub repositories containing Python code that makes use of MDAnalysis :cite:`michaud-agrawal_mdanalysis_2011, gowers_mdanalysis_2016` have been made publicly available [#]_.

Author: I also added some quotes around the second article title because that was bothering me; unless there was a reason only the first title was quoted?

Two major factors contribute to the lack of open-source FAIR compliant code. Firstly, code is typically written by scientists with no formal training or support in programming, for whom implementing FAIR principles can pose an intimidating and tedious barrier. Secondly, despite the substantial investment of effort and time required to implement best practices, publishing FAIR software is not typically appreciated with academic recognition or reward. Fostering a culture of open-source FAIR software requires addressing both.

> .. [#] Based on a search for repositories containing ``import MDAnalysis``.

Author: Just a quick sentence to get this in, do update if anyone has a better way to say this

The MDAKit framework (Fig. :ref:`fig:workflow`) is a multi-step process. In the first step of the MDAKit framework, developers create an initial package which is intended to achieve a set purpose of their choice. To help with this process, MDAnalysis provides a cookiecutter template specifically for MDAKits :cite:`wang_cookiecutter_nodate`, alongside documentation on best practices and how to optimally use the MDAnalysis API. An overview of what we consider to be best practices for the contents of MDAKit packages is included in Section :nameref:`sec-definitions`. We note that at this point MDAKits are not expected to fully adhere to best practices, but should at least meet the minimum requirements defined in Section :nameref:`sec-definitions` before moving to the next step along this process.

> Once a package is suitably developed, code owners are encouraged to add the details of their code to the “MDAKit registry” which advertises their package to the MDAnalysis community and offers continual validation and review tools to help with package maintenance. Section :nameref:`sec-registry` contains more information about the MDAKit registry, including the registration process (Section :nameref:`sec-registration`). Briefly, the registration process involves submitting a metadata file to the registry that contains essential information about the MDAKit, such as where the source code is provided, who the code authors are, and how to install the MDAKit. The contents of this metadata file is reviewed both by automatic code checks and the MDAnalysis developer team before being  added to the registry. We want to highlight  that this process does not include checks on scientific validity or code health. In fact, none of the processes in this framework account for the scientific validity of the MDAKits. While members of the community are free to offer help, scientific or technical validity is beyond the scope of what is feasible with the MDAnalysis registry.

Author: (if it's not clear here, the one change was offer -> offers in the first sentence)
